>> PREVIOUSLY ON "NIP/TUCK."
>> THERE MUST BE AN AWFUL LOT
YOU DONT LIKE ABOUT YOURSELF
FOR YOU TO ATTEMPT SUICIDE.
>> I WAS GONNA SWIM UNTIL MY
ARMS FELL OFF.
>> A FATHER IS WILLING TO LEAVE
HIS CHILDREN FATHERLESS?
>> IM PETITIONING FOR CUSTODY
OF THE CHILDREN.
>> MOTHER! YOURE IN YOUR 60$!
>> RENALDO IS MY HUSBAND.
>> HE ALWAYS WANTED CHILDREN.
>> ALL I WANT IS TO BE A GOOD
FATHER TO ANNIE AND CONOR.
>> LETS GET THIS CLEAR.
I--IM NOT INTO MEN.
>> IM NOT A WOMAN.
IM A GAY MAN.
IF I BECOME ALEX, YOU BECOME A
FAG?
>> IN MY MIND, IF YOU WERE
ALEX, YOUD HAVE A BLOODY NOSE
RIGHT NOW.
>> TURN AROUND!
WALK WITH YOUR BACK TOWARDS US!
>> YOU SEE? YOU KNOW THE WAY
>> YOU HAVE NEITHER THE MUSCLE
MASS NOR THE GANG AFFILIATIONS
TO BE A PREDATOR.
>> YOU WANT ME TO BECOME
SOMEBODYS BITCH?
>> ITS A SMALL PRICE TO PAY
FOR YOUR LIFE.
>> IM, UH, CHRISTIAN
TROY, HERE TO SEE MY SON, UH,
MA'I'I' MCNAMARA.
>> SIGN IN.
DOWN THE HALL, TO THE LEFT.
HES IN NUMBER 6.
[EXHALING]
>> [BUZZER]
>> IM KESSLER.
YOUR SONS DOING JUST FINE.
HE SENDS HIS LOVE.
>> HEH.
WHERE IS MATI'?
I WANT TO SEE MATT.
>> DONT WORRY, IM TAKING GOOD
CARE OF HIM.
THINGS WERE A LITTLE ROUGH AT
FIRST, BUT HES DOING MUCH
BETTER SINCE THE TRANSFER.
>> WHAT TRANSFER?
>> TO MY CELL.
HELL ONLY GET HIM INTO TROUBLE
IF YOU DO THAT.
>> IF I FIND OUT THAT YOU HURT
HIM--
>> RELAX.
HES MUCH SAFER NOW THAN HE WAS
BEFORE.
AS LONG AS HE TAKES CARE OF
ME--AND YOU DECIDE TO
HELP--HELL BE FINE.
YOURE A PLASTIC SURGEON, RIGHT?
>> YES.
>> GREAT. I MAY SOUND A BIT
OLD-FASHIONED, BUT I THINK ITS
THE WOMANS JOB TO MAINTAIN HER
APPEARANCE.
MATTS A GOOD-LOOKING KID, NICE
FEATURES, BUT THE ONE THING HE
NEEDS--WHAT YOU CAN GIVE HIM...
IS A NICE SET OF TITS.
IF YOURE WORRIED THE BOARD
WONT APPROVE
THE SURGERY, IVE ALREADY GOT
MATT SPEAKING TO THE SHRINK IN
HERE, CLAIMING HE WANTS TO BE A
WOMAN.
PAPERS GOT FILED--THERES A
PRECEDENT FOR THIS.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DONT BELIEVE THAT MATT WOULD
AGREE TO ANY OF THIS.
>> OH, YOU WOULDNT BELIEVE
WHAT HES AGREED TO SINCE HES
BEEN IN HERE.
NOW LOOK, IM DOING LIFE.
I HAVENT EVEN TOUCHED A WOMAN
IN 16 YEARS. DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT DOES TO A MAN?
HOW YOU LEARN TO ADAPT?
I CANT GO BACK TO BEING THE
MAN I WAS ANY MORE THAN MATT
CAN.
>> OH, I MEAN...
IF I COULD HELP YOU,
AND IN SOME
OTHER KIND OF WAY, I CAN GIVE
YOU MONEY FOR AN APPEAL, OR,
HOOKER OR SOMETHING?
>> YOU GOT 48 HOURS.
YOUR SONS A GOOD KID, BUT HE
AINT GONNA BE WORTH MUCH TO
EITHER ONE OF US UNLESS YOU DO
WHAT I SAY.
TRUST ME ON THAT.
AH H,
MAKE ME BEAUTIFUL,
MAKE ME
A PERFECT SOUL,
A PERFECT MIND,
A PERFECT FACE,
A PERFECT
LIFE
>> WHEN DID ANNIE BEGIN
SHOWING SIGNS OF DEPRESSION?
>> I GUESS IT WAS AFTER WE
RETURNED TO NEW YORK, YEAH.
IT WAS A STRESSFUL TIME FOR ALL
OF US.
> > WHY?
>> BECAUSE OF, UH, OLIVIAS
DEATH, YOU KNOW?
SHE WAS AN IMPORTANT PART OF
OUR FAMILY.
>> THAT MAKES SENSE.
DEATH, DIVORCE, MOVING--3 OF
THE MOST STRESSFUL EVENTS IN
LIFE, AND CONOR AND ANNIE
EXPERIENCED ALL 3 IN A VERY
SHORT TIME, DIDNT THEY?
>> YES.
>> ISNT THAT EXACTLY WHAT
HAPPENED, MS. MCNAMARA?
YOU AND THEIR FATHER DIVORCED.
YOU MOVED THEM FROM THEIR HOME
TO NEW YORK, AND THEN TO LOS
ANGELES!
YOU SUBJECTED YOUR CHILDREN TO
A SEEMINGLY UNENDING BARRAGE OF
UNSETTLING, HORRIFIC EVENTS!
IM SURPRISED YOUR DAUGHTER
DIDNT TRY TO KILL HERSELF
AFTER SHE REACHED OUT IN
DESPERATION BY EATING HER OWN
HAIR.
>> GIVE HER A BREAK, FRANK.
SH ES FALLING APART.
>> YOU THINK ERICAS LAWYERS
ARE GONNA GIVE HER A BREAK,
SEAN?
>> ANNIE WOULD NEVER COMMIT
SUICIDE, JULIA.
SHE KNOWS WE LOVE HER.
>> THEY SAY IT RUNS IN THE
FAMILY.
>> IM NOT THE ONE WHO KEEPS
PULLING UP THEIR ROOTS AND
TAKING THEM ACROSS COUNTRY.
>> COOL IT, YOU TWO!
YOURE SUING FOR JOINT CUSTODY,
REMEMBER?
IF YOU GUYS ARE GONNA HAVE ANY
CHANCE IN HELL OF GETTING YOUR
KIDS BACK, YOURE GONNA HAVE TO
BURY THE HATCHET AND DO IT
TOGETHER.
>> AHH.
JULIA, ITS OBVIOUS YOURE
STRESSED OUT.
YOU LOOK LIKE YOUVE AGED 10
YEARS IN THE LAST MONTH.
APPEARANCES MATTER, YOU GUYS.
WE NEED TO LOOK STRONG AND
VIBRANT TO COMBAT ERICAS AGE
AND EXPERIENCE.
>> 20456.
MCNAMARA.
ARMED ROBBERY.
ARRESTED--
>> MY SON IS BEING THREATENED.
>> WELL, DR. TROY,
I CAN ASSURE YOU WE HAVE
ZERO-TOLERANCE FOR COERCION.
>> YOUVE GOTTA TELL KESSLER
BECAUSE, UM, HE DIDNT GET THE
MEMO.
>> WELL, THERES NOTHING ABOUT
IT IN HIS FILE.
YOU KNOW, OFTEN NEW PRISONERS
FEEL A NEED TO PROVE
THEMSELVES BY GETTING INTO
SCU FFLES.
>> I THINK THAT YOU KNOW THAT
THERE IS A LAW AGAINST
"DELIBERATE INDIFFERENCE" TO
POTENTIAL PRISON RAPE.
>> DR. TROY, I AM ANYTHING
BUT INDIFFERENT TO YOUR SONS
WELFARE.
>> WELL, THEN, YOU NEED TO MOVE
HIM TO A DIFFERENT CELL
BLOCK--UH, A SAFER ONE.
>> YOU WANT HIM IN A SAFER CELL?
>> YES.
>> FINE.
FIND ME A HALF-MILLION DOLLARS
FOR SOME STAFF, SO THERES NOT
ONE GUARD TO EVERY 60 OF
KESSLERS POSSE, AND ANOTHER
300 FOR SEE-THROUGH DOORS ON
CLOSETS AND MONITORS IN THE
SHOWERS, SO KESSLERS WOLVES
DONT ATTACK WITHOUT BEING SEEN.
>> I CAN MANAGE $10,000.
> > A BRIBE?
>> A CONTRIBUTION TO PRISON
REFORM.
>> THEN ILL SEE TO IT THAT HES
MOVED TODAY.
>> [GROANING]
>> I HATE THESE.
I DONT LIKE CAUSING YOU PAIN.
>> YOU HEARD WHAT THE LAWYER
SAID.
WE HAVE TO LOOK YOUTHFUL AND
STRESS-FREE.
WHATEVER IT TAKES, THATS MY
MANTRA.
>> JOINT CUSTODY IS GONNA BE A
VERY TOUGH FIGHT.
>> YEAH, BUT IT DOESNT MEAN
THAT WERE GONNA GIVE UP.
YOURE THEIR FATHER.
IM THEIR MOTHER.
SEAN, I NEED YOU.
THE MORE UNITED WE ARE, THE
BETTER OUR ODDS.
>> WHAT IF WE BECAME A REAL
UNITED FRONT?
I MEAN, I GOTTA GET OUT OF THAT
MALIBU PLACE.
ITS BECOME A MIDDLE-AGED FRAT
HOUSE.
WHAT IF I RENTED A HOUSE AND
YOU MOVED IN?
>> SEAN, DONT GO THERE.
PLEASE.
ITS TOO LATE FOR YOU AND ME.
>> BUT WE DO KNOW HOW TO BE
FRIENDS, ALL RIGHT?
AND WE HAVE A SERIOUS COMMON
GOAL HERE.
APPEARANCES ARE EVERYTHING, AND
YOU AND I COULD JUST TAKE IT AS
IT COMES.
BUT IN THE MEANTIME, WE GET OUR
KIDS BACK.
WHAT DID YOU SAY YOUR MANTRA
WAS?
WHATEVER IT TAKES?
>> WHATEVER IT TAKES.
[TYPING]
>> AHEM.
>> I DIDNT THINK ANY GIRL COULD
BE MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN YOUR
MOTHER.
I WAS WRONG.
>> THANK YOU, ERICA.
>> RENALDO PICKED THIS OUT.
ITALIANS RULE THE WORLD OF
FASHION.
BEAUTY IS THEIR SECOND
LANGUAGE--FOLLOWED BY FOOD AND
SEX.
>> HA HA HA.
IM GONNA GO TRY ON THE OTHERS.
> > OH, MARVELOUS.
WELL HAVE A FASHION SHOW.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
>> HELLO?
WHERE ARE THE KIDS?
WE HAVE A SURPRISE.
>> OH, YOURE EARLY.
ANNIES TRYING ON HER NEW
CLOTH ES.
WEVE BEEN BUYING OUT RODEO
DRIVE.
AND CONORS AT HIS FIRST
FRENCH HORN LESSON.
> > FRENCH HORN?
WHY, HES A LITTLE YOUNG, ISNT
HE?
>> NO.
THE HORN WILL DEVELOP HIS
DIGITAL DEXTERITY, AND HIS
SELF-ESTEEM.
>> WELL, GIVE ME THE ADDRESS.
WELL PICK HIM UP.
WE ARE GOING HOUSE HUNTING.
>> WERE, UM, THINKING OF
RENTING A HOUSE BIG ENOUGH FOR
THE WHOLE FAMILY.
>> HOW MANY TIMES WILL YOU
REPEAT THE SAME MISTAKE WITHOUT
EVER LEARNING ANYTHING FROM IT?
>> WHERES MY DAUGHTER?
>> SEAN, IF YOU REALLY LOVE
HER, DONT LURE ANNIE INTO A
FAIRY TALE THAT HAS NO REAL
HOPE OF A HAPPY ENDING.
[CONTINUES TYPING]
>> OOH, OOH, OOH, OOH,
OOH, OOH, OOH, OOH,
OOH-OOH-OOH,
HE TOLD ME,
I SEE IN YOUR EYES,
HED ALWAYS--
[MUSIC STOPS]
>> HI.
IS IT THURSDAY ALREADY?
>> HUH.
YEAH, TILL MIDNIGHT.
UM, SWEETHEART, WE HAVE THE
WHOLE AFTERNOON TOGETHER.
>> AWESOME.
SO, SINCE WE HAVE ALL THAT TIME
TOGETHER, MAYBE YOU CAN COME
BACK IN A COUPLE OF HOURS.
>> NO.
NOW.
>> CARA MIA, ITS OK.
GO WITH MAMA AND PAPA.
ILL BE HERE WHEN YOU COME BACK.
>> ANNIE, DONT DO THIS.
DONT MAKE US BEG FOR TIME WITH
YOU.
>> AW, ANNIE, THAT DRESS IS
GORGEOUS.
BRINGS OUT THE EYES.
DID YOU NOTICE?
>> NO.
THEY NEVER DO.
>> SWEETIE, WE NOTICED--YOU DO,
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
LOOK, JUST 2 HOURS.
WERE IN THE MIDDLE OF A PHOTO
SHOOT.
> > THE CAMERA.
IT LOVE HER FACE.
>> OK.
YEAH, 2 HOURS, WELL COME BACK.
UM, HAVE FUN.
> > THAN KS.
[MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING]
>> THIS IS A CLOSED SHOOT.
>> MISS MCNAMARA SAYS NO PRESS.
SORRY.
>> SO SEAN...
I SEND YOU COPIES?
IM FLYING OVER YOU,
GOOD-BYE HOSES,
IM FLYING, DYING,
FLYING OVER YOU
>> I CANT BELIEVE IM GONNA
LOSE CONOR AND ANNIE.
>> THERES NO WAY A JUDGE IS
GONNA RULE AGAINST THE MOTHER
AND THE FATHER OF THOSE 2 KIDS.
>> WHEN WE WENT TO PICK THEM
UP, ANNIE SAID SHED RATHER
STAY WITH HER GRANDMOTHER.
>> OH, YOU KNOW SHE DOESNT
MEAN THAT, SEAN.
I MEAN, SHES A TEENAGER, RIGHT?
ERICA PROBABLY BRIBED HER WITH
A PONY OR A MINI-COOPER OR
SOMETHING.
ITS NOT GOING TO LAST
LONG-TERM, TRUST ME.
>> YOU TALK WITH MATT?
HOWS HE HOLDING UP?
>> HES FINE.
HES DOING FINE.
LOOK, HES NOT THE ONE IM
WORRIED ABOUT.
IM WORRIED ABOUT YOU, ALL
RIGHT?
YOU CANT GIVE UP ON YOURSELF
AGAIN .
YOU NEED TO FIGHT BACK, BE
AGGRESSIVE.
>> MCNAMARA.
GET YOUR PERSONALS, YOURE
GOING ON VACATION.
>> IM WHAT?
>> YOURE BEING TRANSFERRED.
OSWALD WILL TAKE YOU TO YOUR
NEW CELL.
GET IT MOVING.
>> SOMEBODY MUST LUUHHWE YOU.
>> UM, IS IT JUST ME IN HERE
NOW?
>> YEP.
YOUR OWN BACHELORETTE PAD.
NIGHTY NIGHT.
> > WHAT?
YOU DIDNT THINK ID COME TO
THE HOUSE WARMING PARTY?
>> AHH.
>> AFTER ALL I DID FOR YOU.
>> OOF!
[COUGHING]
>> OH.
YOU GOTTA HELP ME.
PLEASE!
YOU GOTTA HELP ME!
COME ON!
[BUZZER]
>> DENNY!
DENNY!
HELP ME! PLEASE!
[GRUNTING]
>> DO YOU THINK HE CAN HELP
YOU NOW?
AAH!
> > HEY, STRANGER.
> > ALEX.
WOW, LOOK AT YOU.
HOWS THE HEALING GOING?
>> WELL, THE SWELLINGS GONE
DOWN A LITTLE BIT MORE THAN I
WANTED, IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
>> WELL...
GIVE IT SOME TIME.
>> I DONT KNOW.
I GO INTO BARS AND EVERYONE
AUTOMATICALLY SEES A POST-OP
TRANSSEXUAL.
EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT I USED TO
BE A WOMAN, AND ITS PRETTY
HARD TO EXPLAIN TO THEM THAT I
WAS A MAN FIRST.
THE ONLY GUYS I SEEM TO ATTRACT
ARE THE LIMP-WRISTED TYPE.
>> WELL, AS ALEXIS YOU WERE
INTO STRAIGHT GUYS AND
SWITCHING TEAMS AND GOING FOR
THE GAYS COULD BE, UH,
PROBLEMATIC, I GUESS.
>> MY SITUATIONS A LITTLE MORE
COMPLICATED THAN THAT.
>> AHEM.
HEY, UH, IM LOOKING FOR
SOMEONE--I WAS TOLD
WORKED THIS SHIFT.
>> YOURE LOOKIN AT HIM, PAL.
ITS JUST ME TONIGHT.
>> OK, UH, WELL, MAYBE YOU CAN
TELL ME WHEN SHELL BE AROUND.
HER NAMES ALEXIS.
>> THAT BOY HELPED ME
REALIZE SOMETHING--IM
DEFINITELY GAY, BUT I ONLY LIKE
STRAIGHT GUYS...
OR AT LEAST THE GUYS THAT WANT
EVERYONE TO THINK THEYRE
STRAIGHT.
>> RIGHT, SO YOU LIKE GUYS ON
THE DOWN LOW.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO ABOUT
THAT?
>> MEET ME HALF-WAY.
GIVE ME BREAST IMPLANTS.
ILL GROW OUT MY HAIR.
ILL START DRESSING AS A WOMAN
AGAIN--
>> YOU WANT TO BE A
CHICK-WITH-A-DICK.
I MEAN, CANT YOU JUST MAKE UP
YOUR MIND?
>> THATS A VERY OFFENSIVE
PHRASE, DR. TROY.
IN THE TRANS WORLD, THATS THE
EQUIVALENT OF CALLING AN
AFRICAN-AMERICAN THE "N WORD."
>> IM SORRY, I DIDNT KNOW.
>> MAYBE I CHANGED MY BODY AS
AN ATTEMPT TO BE ACCEPTED, BUT
I FINALLY REALIZED THAT IVE
ALWAYS BEEN THE SAME PERSON ON
THE INSIDE AND IM VERY PROUD
OF THAT.
GIVING ME BOOBS AGAIN ISNT
GONNA CHANGE WHO I AM.
ITS JUST GONNA GIVE ME A
CHANCE TO BE WITH THE PEOPLE
THAT I NEED TO BE WITH.
>> HOW DID YOU GET IN HERE?
>> YEAH.
HE WOULDNT LET ME SIGN IN AS A
VISITING PHYSICIAN.
YOU, UM, BREAK ANYTHING?
ANY INTERNAL INJURIES?
>> CAN YOU DO ME A FAVOR?
GET ME A SIP OF WATER.
THEWE GOT ME KIND OF SHACKLED
HERE.
>> SURE, YEAH.
>> I GOT, UH, 4 FRACTURED RIBS,
A MILD CONCUSSION--OTHER THAN
THAT, I DONT KNOW.
MMM.
>> GOOD?
WELL, MAYBE I SHOULD TALK TO
THE WARDEN AGAIN AND GET THIS
GUY TRANSFERRED OR SOMETHING.
>> YOU WANNA REALLY HELP ME OUT?
>> OF COURSE.
>> THEN DO THE OPERATION.
>> OHH.
> > IM SERIOUS.
>> I KNOW YOURE SCARED.
I-I UNDERSTAND THAT--
>> NO, YOU CANT.
YOU CANT POSSIBLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT IM GOING THROUGH.
IM NOT GONNA BE SAFE ANYWHERE
NOW...
AT LEAST BEFORE, I HAD
PROTECTION, BUT WITHOUT DENNY,
ILL BE LIKE FRESH MEAT THROWN
TO A BUNCH OF LIONS.
>> CANT YOU PRESS CHARGES
AGAINST HIM?
I MEAN, AT LEAST THEN YOU GET
PROTECTION, RIGHT?
>> THERES NO PROTECTION IN
HERE.
IF I PRESS CHARGES, AND IF
DENNY FINDS OUT, THERES NOT
JUST GONNA BE A BEATING NEXT
TIM E, CH RISTIAN.
YOU PUT PEC IMPLANTS IN GUYS.
>> THATS NOT THE SAME THING,
AND YOU KNOW IT.
>> YEAH, WELL, I DONT WANT TO
DIE, EITHER.
OPERATION OR NOT, DENNYS GONNA
HAVE HIS WAY WITH ME, OK?
I KNOW THAT AND YOU KNOW THAT.
SO, UNLESS YOU WANT TO VISIT ME
IN THE MORGUE NEXT TIME, YOU DO
IT.
>> WOW, LOOK AT THIS ONE.
ITS JUST 3 BLOCKS FROM THE
BEACH.
LOOK AT THOSE VIEWS.
SEE?
THAT COULD BE CONORS ROOM.
THAT COULD BE ANNIES, AND THIS
COULD BE OURS.
>> ISNT THAT A LITTLE PRICEY?
ESPECIALLY IF ITS ONLY
TEMPORARY.
>> OH, COME ON.
SIT DOWN.
WE NEED TO STAY POSITIVE, NOW.
SANTA MONICA HAS A GREAT SCHOOL
DISTRICT.
>> HMM.
>> THIS PLACE IS ALREADY
FURNISHED, AND YOU ALWAYS SAID
YOU WANTED A YARD WITH A POOL.
NOW, YOU CAN GET IT.
>> WELL, THAT WAS WHEN THE KIDS
WERE YOUNG.
> > WHAT?
YOUVE LOST YOUR FETISH FOR
SKINNY DIPPING?
>> HA HA HA.
IM NOT GONNA BE DOING THAT NOW.
> > WHY NOT?
THOSE DAYS ARE OVER?
>> OH, SO IS THAT YOUR PLAN?
>> HEH HEH.
I JUST THINK THIS WOULD BE A
GREAT PLACE FOR ALL OF US.
THE FAMILY.
AND WE AGREED, IF WERE GONNA
MAKE THIS WORK, WE HAVE TO
COMMIT OURSELVES 100%.
FINANCIALLY AND EMOTIONALLY.
WHATEVER IT TAKES?
>> WE NEEDED TO GET
THAT OUT OF THE WAY SOONER OR
LATER, HUH?
>> AHH.
>> HEY, YOURE NOT GONNA GET
ALL WEIRD ON ME NOW, ARE YOU?
>> IM JUST NERVOUS ABOUT
LOSING THE KIDS, THATS ALL.
I DONT WANT TO MAKE ANY WRONG
MOVES.
>> WERE NOT GONNA LOSE THE
KIDS BECAUSE WE HAD SEX.
>> I JUST DONT WANT TO TAKE
ANY MORE CHANCES.
>> THATS WHY WE NEED TO PLAY
DIRTY. . .JUST LIKE ERICA.
> > WHAT?
>> IM GONNA SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
>> HA HA.
WHAT IS THIS?
> > OPEN IT.
>> COCAINE.
>> CHRISTIAN GOT IT FOR ME.
HE KNOWS A DEALER AT SOME STRIP
CLUB.
IF YOU GET BUSTED WITH THAT,
THEY BOOK YOU FOR DISTRIBUTION.
CARRIES A MANDATORY 10-YEAR
>> WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING
WITH THIS?
>> ITS NOT MINE.
ITS RENALDOS--AT LEAST IT
WILL BE AFTER I PLANT IT ON HIM
AND CALL THE POLICE.
>> ARE YOU INSANE?
>> ARE YOU FORGETTING WHAT THAT
ASSHOLE DID TO ME WITH THE
CAM ERA?
THE WHOLE SET-UP?
WE CANT PLAY BY THE RULES
ANYMORE, JULIA, THERES TOO
MUCH AT STAKE.
>> SEAN!
YOURE RISKING EVERYTHING.
>> NOW HOLD ON A SECOND--
>> JUST GIVE THIS TO ME--JESUS!
>> THAT COST ME 2 GRAND!
>> FINE, WELL HAVE TO RENT A
SMALLER HOUSE.
>> RENALDO?
ARE YOU HIDING SOMETHING?
>> OH, NO, NO.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> SURPRESA?
WELL, I THINK ID LIKE MY
SURPRISE NOW.
>> RENALDO.
>> AMORE.
>> SHOW ME.
>> WHAT HAVE YOU GOT IN YOUR
POCKET?
>> WE WERENT DOING ANYTHING.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, HE WOULD POSE
ME, TO MAKE ME LOOK HOT.
> > HOW HOT?
UH, DID HE EVER TOUCH YOU IN AN
INAPPROPRIATE WAY?
>> I NEVER TOUCHED HER.
DO YOU THINK IM A MONSTER?
>> GET OUT.
>> ERICA, ARE YOU MAD AT ME
BECAUSE HE SPENDS MORE TIME
WITH ME THAN YOU?
>> DONT BE RIDICULOUS.
ITS JUST IF ANYTHING EVER
HAPPENED BETWEEN YOU THAT FELT
UNCOMFORTABLE, YOUD TELL ME,
WOULDNT YOU?
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME, ANNIE.
>> DIDNT YOU HEAR ME?
I NEVER TOUCHED HER.
YOURE THE ONLY ONE I LOVE.
>> IM THE ONLY ONE.
YOU WERE THINKING OF ME WHILE
YOU WERE MASTURBATING INTO MY
GRAN DDAUGHTERS PANTIES?
I WANT YOU OUT OF THIS HOUSE,
OUT OF MY LIFE.
AND IF YOU DONT GET OUT RIGHT
NOW, IM CALLING THE POLICE.
>> MY FANTASY, ITS STILL IN MY
HEAD.
YOURS?
STANDING BEFORE YOU.
WHOS THE SICK ONE?
I ASK YOU.
> > ABSOLUTELY.
NO, I AGREE...
>> I ASKED ANNIE TO TAKE CONOR
>> AHEM.
>> IVE BEEN TO COURT.
>> AHH.
THEYRE OURS.
ANNIE AND CONOR.
SHE GAVE UP CUSTODY.
>> WHY, ERICA?
WHY WOULD YOU DO A KIND AND
DECENT THING LIKE THAT?
>> IVE LEFT RENALDO.
>> DID YOU CATCH HIM PLAYING
WITH SOMEONE FROM HIS OWN
GENERATION?
>> WE NEVER APPEAR AS OLD TO
OURSELVES AS WE DO TO OTHERS.
"AS WE AGE, WE HOVER BETWEEN
FOOL AND SAGE."
>> OH, COME ON, MOTHER, THATS
NOT TRUE.
YOU WERE NEVER A SAGE.
>> JULIA, I LOVE MY
GRANDCHILDREN.
IF I THOUGHT I WAS ENDANGERING
THEM IN ANY WAY--
>> ENDANGERING THEM, HOW?
>> I DIDNT MEAN "ENDANGERING.'l
WE LIVE IN A HYPER-SEXUALIZED
CULTURE.
NATURALLY, THE ADOLESCENT
DELIGHTS IN HER NEWLY
DISCOVERED ABILITY TO CONTROL
TH ROUGH HER SEXUALITY.
>> ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT ANNIE?
>> DID SOMETHING HAPPEN?
>> NO, NO.
IM POSITIVE.
>> DID RENALDO TOUCH HER?
>> DID HE?!
>> I FOUND HIM WITH...HER
UNDERPANTS, EJACULATING.
>> AHH.
>> GET OUT OF HERE.
AND YOU BETTER BUY RENALDO A
ON E-WAY TICKET BACK TO WHATEVER
HOLE HE CRAWLED OUT OF.
>> ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THIS?
YOURE NOT GONNA CHANGE
YOUR MIND AND DECIDE SOMETHING
ELSE A MONTH FROM NOW?
>> IM STILL ME, EVEN IF MY
SEXUAL IDENTITY IS, WELL, FLUID.
THOSE, I MEAN.
>> [CHUCKLES]
>> THEYRE JUST SILICONE BAGS.
THEY CAN TAKE EM OUT AGAIN,
RIGHT?
>> RIGHT.
LIZZIE?
>> OK, COUNT BACKWARDS FOR ME.
>> IS THERE A FIRE IN
THE SKY?
IS THERE A MOON UP THERE?
> > 10 BLADE.
>> THIS IS A GRAVELESS SITE,
A MOMENT OUT OF TIME,
I SEE YOUR FACE IN THE
SHADOWS, THE TELL-TALE SIGNS
ARE IN YOUR EYES,
MOVIN ON, KEEP HOLDING...
WE WAKE UP IN THE BLACKNESS
>> LETS RAISE UP OUR LADY-BOY
AND SEE IF HER BOOBIES ARE EVEN.
>> ONE DREAM, ALL AROUND US,
THIS BIG HUSH
INFECTS US ALL...
>> HOW LONG WILL IT BE
BEFORE I CAN TAKE OFF
THE BAN DAGES?
>> CHRISTIAN. CHRISTIAN.
HOW LONG WILL IT BE BEFORE
I CAN TAKE OFF THE BANDAGES?
CH RISTIAN ?
>> 4 TO 5 DAYS--AFTER THE
SWELLING AND SORENESS GOES
DOWN, YOU CAN COME BACK IN AND
ILL TAKE OFF THE BANDAGES.
>> THE LAST TIME, I WAS SHOWING
OFF MY NEW TITTIES WITHIN A
WEEK.
THEN AGAIN, I WAS ON ESTROGEN
AND PROGESTIN.
PROGESTIN WOULD STOP ME FROM
HAVING AN ERECTION, RIGHT?
WARREN WOULDNT LIKE IT IF I
KILLED MY LIBIDO.
>> WHAT DID SHE SAY?
>> I TOLD HER I WASNT DOING
THE SURGERY.
>> DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT
YOURE DOING TO ME?
>> YES.
IM OFFERING YOU A BETTER
SOLUTION.
>> UH, I PUT ALL YOUR MEDS IN
YOUR MAKE-UP BAG.
>> OHH.
>> MOTHER, ITS A 12-HOUR FLIGHT
TO MILAN.
WHAT IF YOUR ARTHRITIS ACTS UP
AND YOU NEED A DARVOCET OR
SOMETHING?
>> OH, OF COURSE.
IM JUST NOT THINKING.
I SEEM TO HAVE BEEN DOING A LOT
OF THAT THESE DAYS.
NO ONE TELLS YOU HOW TO GROW
OLD.
ONE DAY YOU DISCOVER YOU CANT
BE WHO YOU ARE ANYMORE.
INSIDE YOU STILL SEE YOURSELF
AS BRILLIANT, DAZZLING,
BEAUTIFUL.
BUT THE MIRROR MAKES A FOOL OF
YOU. NO ONE IS EVER OVER 40 IN
THEIR DREAMS.
[HORN HONKS]
>> THATS YOUR CAB.
>> JULIA, I CANT UNDO WHAT
IVE ALREADY DONE, BUT I CAN
FACE UP TO IT, AND TELL THE
TRUTH, AND ASK YOU TO FORGIVE
ME.
>> I AM NOT HERE TO FORGIVE
YOU, MOTHER.
I AM HERE TO GET RID OF YOU, TO
PACK YOU UP AND TELL YOU NEVER
TO CONTACT ME OR ANY MEMBER OF
MY FAMILY AGAIN.
>> THINK ABOUT WHAT YOURE
SAYING.
CAN YOU LIVE WITH THAT DECISION?
>> I CANT POSSIBLY LIVE
WITHOUT IT.
YOURE DEAD TO ME, MOTHER.
WHEN I CLOSE THAT CAB DOOR, IM
SHUTTING YOUR COFFIN.
LETS GO.
WE DONT WANT YOU TO MISS YOUR
PLANE.
>> I GOT YOU A LITTLE SOMETHING.
TRY IT ON.
>> ITS NOT REALLY GONNA FIT.
>> PUT IT ON AND HURRY UP.
OOH, I LIKE IT.
LOOKS SO GOOD.
TURN AROUND.
HEH.
DAMN IT.
I DONT KNOW WHAT THE HELL IS
WRONG.
>> ITS OK.
IT HAPPENS TO A LOT OF GUYS.
>> AAH!
YOU KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT.
IF YOUD GOT THE TITTIES LIKE I
TOLD YOU, THERE WOULDNT HAVE
BEEN ANY PROBLEM.
>> MY DAD SAID ITS GONNA TAKE
A LITTLE MORE TIME.
THE WARDEN STILL HAS TO APPROVE
IT.
>> OH, AND SHE WILL.
YOU CAN COUNT ON IT.
>> DO YOU--DO YOU WANT A HO HO?
THAT ALWAYS MAKES YOU FEEL
BETTER.
>> YEAH, OK.
A LITTLE CHOCOLATY GOODNESS
WOULD GO DOWN RIGHT NOW.
>> ITS OK.
IVE GOT IT ALL RIGHT HERE.
>> YOURE SWEET.
[THUD]
>> SHIT.
>> WHAT THE HELL ARE THESE?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH THESE?
PROVERA.
THEY GIVE THIS SHIT TO RAPISTS.
ITS CHEMICAL CASTRATION!
JESUS, HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN
GIVING ME THIS STUFF?
YOU THINK JUST BECAUSE I CANT
GET HARD THAT I WONT BANG THAT
TIGHT LITTLE SUCCULENT ASS OF
YOURS?
TAKE OFF YOUR GOD DAMN PANTS!
ILL TEACH YOU TO MESS WITH ME.
>> NO!
[GRUNTING THROUGHOUT]
[BUZZER]
>> BAG CHECK.
>> IS THIS YOUR BAG?
>> HUH?
YES.
MAY I ASK WHAT IT IS YOURE
LOOKING FOR?
>> OH.
>> WHATS THIS?
>> I HAVE NO IDEA.
>> IT GIVES ME GREAT PEACE OF
MIND TO SEE HOW THOROUGH YOU
ARE, BUT MY PLANE IS DUE TO
BOARD.
>> YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REMAIN
SILENT.
ANYTHING YOU SAY CAN AND WILL
BE USED AGAINST YOU IN A COURT
OF LAW.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
>> WHAT IS THIS PERTAINING TO?
>> A HALF KILO OF COCAINE WE
FOUND IN YOUR PURSE, MISS.
>> I PUT ALL YOUR MEDS IN YOUR
MAKE-UP BAG.
ITS A 12-HOUR FLIGHT TO MILAN,
BUT IF YOUR ARTHRITIS ACTS UP
AND YOU NEED A DARVOCET OR
SOMETHING...
>> YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO
CONSULT AN ATTORNEY BEFORE
SPEAKING TO THE POLICE AND TO
HAVE AN ATTORNEY PRESENT DURING
QUESTIONING NOW AND IN THE
FUTURE. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?